#summary Walkthrough of the editing process for country contributors
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

While much of the country profile is harvested from online sources, there are sections that are editable by country contributors. This page explains the editing process.

= Editing country profiles =

First of all, if anything is unclear, you can log an issue at
[http://code.google.com/p/cepis/issues/list the issue tracker].

This is also the case if you are a contributor and you would like to
gain access. Please log an issue requesting access, and we'll attend to
your request.

Once you have a username and password, you can log in by following the
login link on the [http://countryprofiles.unep.org/ site], or go
directly to the [http://countryprofiles.unep.org/login_form login form].

Once you have logged in, your personal link bar will appear. It contains
a link called *My folder*. If you follow this link, you will go to your
workspace, where you will see a link to your working copy of the
profile that you manage. You may follow this link to browse your copy.

In order to edit, it, follow the link to the profile and go to the
*Contents* tab. This will take you to a page from where you may browse
the sections of the profile.

Not all pages are editable. Many are harvested from remote sources, and
are automatically updated. To find the ones that are editable, look for
the text _"Visible and editable only by owner and reviewer"_ in the
_"State"_ column. 

To edit a page, follow the link to it, and click on the _"Edit"_ tab.

Make any changes you require, and click on _"Save"_ at the bottom of the
page when you're done.

There are a couple of possible text formats. The text format in use for
the document being edited appears just above the body text area, beside
the label *Text Format*. If the text format is not HTML and you would
like to switch to a richer editing environment (with bold, italics, and
so on), click on the link _"Edit with kupu"_ just below the body text
area.

When you are done editing, go back to the main page of the profile by
following the link in your navigation breadcrumbs. 

There, look for the *State: Visible but not published* link at the top
right of the content area. This is a dropdown which presents the options
_"Make private"_, _"Publish"_ and _"Submit"_. In order to publish your
edited the profile, select _"Publish"_ from this list.

Publishing currently takes quite a while, up to a minute or two, as the
whole profile is being copied and transfered to its public location. To
browse the publically accessible version of the profile, select it from
the "Country Profile" dropdown on the left.
